COMPUTER SCIENCE - The most important aspect of computer science is problem-solving, an essential skill for life. Students study the design, development and analysis of software and hardware used to solve problems in a variety of business, scientific and social contexts. Explore computer science paths and courses today.
	PROGRAMMING - Learn all about how to become an expert computer programmer and write and test code that allows computer applications and software programs to function properly using different programming languages and programming paradigms.
		OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING WITH JAVA - Discover object-oriented programming through the Java programming language and learn how to properly design applications using polymorphism, encapsulation, inheritance, composition and UML.
		FUNCTIONAL PROGRAMMING WITH PYTHON - Discover functional programming through the Python programming language and learn how to design applications using immutability, disciplined state, referential transparency, pure functions and no side effects, and first class functions and high order functions.
		REACTIVE (ASYNCHRONOUS) PROGRAMMING WITH C++ - Discover reactive programming through the C++ programming language and learn how to properly design event-driven and asynchronous applications using uncertainty, responsiveness, autonomy, consistency, dynamic handling, and time and space decoupling.
	FRONT END - Learn all about how to become a front-end developer using cutting edge technology features and best practices and turn professional designs into professional interactive web pages.
		HTML - Discover how to write semantic HTML and enrich text content with the appropriate tags and attributes to transform it to a professional web document ready for the world-wide web and the popular search engines.
		CSS - Discover how to use Cascading Style Sheets to transform HTML documents to live and beautiful designs.
		JAVASCRIPT - Discover how to use the most popular programming language, JavaScript, to solve difficult programming problems, develop applications, transform web pages to web applications and consume information from APIs.
	BACK END - Learn all about back-end development and how to develop applications and APIs that communicate with distributed components like databases and different front-ends and use this knowledge to become an expert problem-solver.
		NODE.JS - Discover how to use node. js to bring event-driven programming to web servers, enabling development of fast web servers in JavaScript. Create scalable servers without using threading, by using a simplified model of event-driven programming that uses callbacks to signal the completion of a task.
		MONGO DB - Discover how to use mongoDB, which is an open source NoSQL database management program. NoSQL is used as an alternative to traditional relational databases. NoSQL databases are quite useful for working with large sets of distributed data. MongoDB is a tool that can manage document-oriented information, store or retrieve information.
		DEV OPS - Learn the basic DevOps (a portmanteau of “development” and “operations”) principles to improve collaboration between operations and development teams. Learn the practices and tools enabling automation, defining practices, and implementing CI/CD pipelines to speed up your development and team collaboration.
MATHEMATICS - Math teaches us to think logically; to identify and state the problem clearly; to plan how to solve the problem; and then to apply the appropriate methods to evaluate and solve the problem. We learn to evaluate and draw conclusions based on our knowledge. Mathematicians are needed in many professional contexts, from policymaking to medical research. Study Mathematics and your career could see you play a part in solving some of the world's many complex problems.
	ALGEBRA - Algebra is the study of mathematical symbols and the rules for manipulating these symbols. It is a unifying thread of almost all mathematics, and it includes everything from elementary equation solving to the study of abstractions such as groups, rings, and fields.
		ALGEBRA 1 - This course is a study of the properties of sets of real numbers, linear equations, linear functions, and inequalities. Its lessons teach students how to solve problems using algebra, geometry, radical expressions, and equations, as well as graphing, algebraic equations, and systems of equations and inequalities.
		ALGEBRA 2 - This course is a study of equations and inequalities, linear relations and functions, systems of equations and inequalities, matrices, polynomials, radical expressions, and quadratic equations.
		TRIGONOMETRY - This course focuses on trigonometric principles as an extension of algebraic and geometrical concepts. Students will study angles, arcs, the unit circle, right triangle trigonometry, the six trig functions, inverse functions, fundamental trig identities, verifying trig identities, solving trig equations, the law of sines, the law of cosines, vectors, complex numbers, and polar coordinates.
	CALCULUS - Calculus, originally called infinitesimal calculus or "the calculus of infinitesimals", is the mathematical study of continuous change, in the same way that geometry is the study of shape and algebra is the study of generalizations of arithmetic operations.
		CALCULUS 1 - This course covers limits and continuity, derivatives, analyzing functions, and applications of derivatives.
		CALCULUS 2 - This course extends what students learned about limits, derivatives, and integrals to topics like series, Taylor polynomials, and parametric functions.
		CALCULUS 3 - With this course students will learn about differentiation, integration, and integration applications.
	COMBINATORICS - Combinatorics is a branch of pure mathematics concerning the study of discrete (and usually finite) objects. It is related to many other areas of mathematics, such as algebra, probability theory, ergodic theory and geometry, as well as to applied subjects in computer science and statistical physics.
		PROBABILITY THEORY - Randomness is all around us. Probability theory is the mathematical framework that allows us to analyze chance events in a logically sound manner. The probability of an event is a number indicating how likely that event will occur. This number is always between 0 and 1, where 0 indicates impossibility and 1 indicates certainty.
		STATISTICS - Statisticians and mathematicians examine data and apply business models as they study and solve organizational challenges. After determining which data they need to resolve a problem, they use surveys and experiments to gather information. Study statistics today to be able to effectively conduct research, to be able to read and evaluate journal articles, and to further develop critical thinking and analytic skills.
		DISCRETE MATHEMATICS - Discrete Mathematics is a branch of mathematics that deals with separable and distinct numbers. Combinations, graph theory, and logical statements are included, and numbers can be finite or infinite. It's used in computer science to design the apps and programs we use every day. While there are no hard and fast definitions of discrete mathematics, it's well known for the things it excludes - continuously varying quantities and all things related to that. Discrete mathematics is vital to digital devices. With tech continually on the rise, studying this overlooked area of mathematics could prove valuable for your career and your future.
CHEMISTRY - Chemistry is the science and study of matter, including its properties, composition as well as reactivity. Chemistry relates to everything that can be sensed from the minute elements to complex structures. The atom and molecules are the basic unit or components of Chemistry.
	ORGANIC CHEMISTRY - Carbon can form covalent bonds with itself and other elements to create a mind-boggling array of structures. In organic chemistry, we will learn about the reactions chemists use to synthesize crazy carbon based structures, as well as the analytical methods to characterize them. We will also think about how those reactions are occurring on a molecular level with reaction mechanisms. Simply put, organic chemistry is like building with molecular Legos. Let's make some beautiful organic molecules!
		BIO ORGANIC CHEMISTRY - Bioorganic chemistry applies the principles and techniques of organic chemistry to solve problems of biological relevance, taking inspiration from biology to develop new chemical processes. Bioorganic chemists emphasize chemical and molecular approaches to solving important biological problems.
		PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMISTRY - Pharmaceutical Chemistry is a branch of chemistry which deals with the study of organic chemistry (molecules and compounds) in combination with structural & chemical biology and pharmacology for producing pharmaceutical drugs and medicines.
		PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY - Physical chemistry is the study of macroscopic and particulate phenomena in chemical systems in terms of the principles, practices, and concepts of physics such as motion, energy, force, time, thermodynamics, quantum chemistry, statistical mechanics, analytical dynamics and chemical equilibria.
	INORGANIC CHEMISTRY - Inorganic chemistry is the study of the structure, properties and reactions of all chemical elements and compounds except for organic compounds (hydrocarbons and their derivatives).
		GEO CHEMISTRY - Become a geochemist today. Geochemists study the composition, structure, processes, and other physical aspects of the Earth. They examine the distribution of chemical elements in rocks and minerals, and the movement of these elements into soil and water systems.
		FORENSICS CHEMISTRY - Forensic chemistry is the application of chemistry and related sciences to criminal investigation. The program prepares the student to work in crime laboratories or other law enforcement agencies, such as FDA, OSHA, and EPA, or for graduate work in forensic chemistry, forensic science or analytical chemistry.
		ANALYTICAL CHEMISTRY - Analytical chemistry is the science of obtaining, processing, and communicating information about the composition and structure of matter. In other words, it is the art and science of determining what matter is and how much of it exists.
	BIO CHEMISTRY - Biochemistry is the application of chemistry to the study of biological processes at the cellular and molecular level. It emerged as a distinct discipline around the beginning of the 20th century when scientists combined chemistry, physiology, and biology to investigate the chemistry of living systems.
		MICROBIOLOGY - Microbiology is a branch of study that deals with microorganisms that cannot be seen without the aid of the microscope. This study enables us to understand the growth and reproduction rate of microorganisms. It also assists in the detection of pathological diseases.
		ENZYMOLOGY - In computational enzymology, the comprehension of an enzyme reaction mechanism and evaluation of the corresponding reaction and activation free energy barriers (and reaction rates through TST) require a thorough characterization of the free energy landscape, stable basins, and the concomitant reaction paths.
		GENETICS - Genetics and genomics both play roles in health and disease. Genetics refers to the study of genes and the way that certain traits or conditions are passed down from one generation to another. Genomics describes the study of all of a person's genes (the genome).
ECONOMICS - Studying economics can prepare you not only for careers in the financial services sector, but also for tasks in your everyday life. Studying economics can prepare you to work in corporate and government financial management, banking, and financial planning.
	MICROECONOMICS - Microeconomics is the social science that studies the implications of incentives and decisions, specifically about how those affect the utilization and distribution of resources. Microeconomics focuses on the study of individual markets, sectors, or industries. What you will learn: 1) Be able to describe microeconomic principles and concepts, 2) Understand the importance of scarcity in every aspect of economic life. , 3) Understand the difference between perfectly competitive and non-competitive markets. , 4) Analyze the effects of changes in demand and supply on prices and quantities of goods and services. , 5) Solve problems of minimizing production costs. , 6) Analyze the behavior of producers in a competitive market in the short and long run. 
		SUPPLY AND DEMAND - Supply and demand is an economic model of price determination in a perfectly competitive market. It concludes that in a perfectly competitive market with no externalities, per unit taxes, or price controls, the unit price for a particular good is the price at which the quantity demanded by consumers equals the quantity supplied by producers. This price results in a stable economic equilibrium. For a given market of a commodity, demand is the relation of the quantity that all buyers would be prepared to purchase at each unit price of the good. Supply is the relation between the price of a good and the quantity available for sale at that price.Demand-and-supply analysis is used to explain the behaviour of perfectly competitive markets, but as a standard of comparison it can be extended to any type of market. It can also be generalized to explain variables across the economy, for example, total output (estimated as real GDP) and the general price level, as studied in macroeconomics.
		MARKET STRUCTURE - Market structure refers to features of a market, including the number of firms in the market, the distribution of market shares between them, product uniformity across firms, how easy it is for firms to enter and exit the market, and forms of competition in the market.
		PRICING STRATEGIES - General strategies: Profit maximisation. One strategy is to ignore market share and try to work out the price for profit maximisation. In theory, this occurs at a price where MR=MC. In practice, it can be difficult to work this out precisely. Sales maximisation. Aiming to maximise sales whilst making normal profit. This involves selling at a price equal to average cost. Gaining Market Share. Some firms may have a target to increase market share, this could involve setting prices as low as they can afford, leading to a price war. A similar concept to sales maximisation.
	MACROECONOMICS - Macroeconomics is a branch of economics that studies how an overall economy,the market or other systems that operate on a large scale, behaves. Macroeconomics studies economy-wide phenomena such as inflation, price levels, rate of economic growth, national income, gross domestic product (GDP), and changes in unemployment. What you will learn: 1) Have the ability to recognize a country's main macroeconomic problems. , 2) Understand the way an economy operates at the macro-level in the short- and medium term. , 3) Understand the effects of economic policy on output, employment and the price level. , 4) Are able to use functional relationships, diagrams, and the  findings of empirical research to suggest ways to address/resolve macroeconomic problems. , 5) Understand the factors that generate growth ,6) Understand the dynamics of fiscal deficits, why a country may accumulate public debt, when the debt is unsustainable and what this may imply for the government-bond markets. 
		BUDGET DEFICIT - The budget deficit is the annual amount the government has to borrow to meet the shortfall between current receipts (tax) and government spending.
		ECONOMIC GROWTH - Economic growth is an increase in the production of economic goods and services, compared from one period of time to another. It can be measured in nominal or real (adjusted for inflation) terms. Traditionally, aggregate economic growth is measured in terms of gross national product (GNP) or gross domestic product (GDP), although alternative metrics exist. 
		MACROECONOMIC POLICIES - Macroeconomic policy is usually implemented through two sets of tools: fiscal and monetary policy. Both forms of policy are used to stabilize the economy, which can mean boosting the economy to the level of GDP consistent with full employment.[39] Macroeconomic policy focuses on limiting the effects of the business cycle to achieve the economic goals of price stability, full employment, and growth.
	FINANCIAL ECONOMICS - Financial economics is the branch of economics characterized by a "concentration on monetary activities", in which "money of one type or another is likely to appear on both sides of a trade". What you will learn: 1) Knowledge of basic accounting concepts and terms such as basic accounting equation, accounting event, balance sheet, income statement, cash flows statement etc. , 2) Understand how the double entry system work. , 3) Identify and define complex managerial and organizational problems and apply appropriate knowledge as well as creative and entrepreneurial thinking to reach solutions. , 4) Ability to apply this knowledge and understanding to the solution of problems related to investment decision making. , 5) Evaluation of investors' risk/return preferences and formulation of excellent portfolios based on utility theory. , 6) Forming portfolio management strategy.
		ACCOUNTING - Accounting is the process of recording financial transactions pertaining to a business. The accounting process includes summarizing, analyzing, and reporting these transactions to oversight agencies, regulators, and tax collection entities.
		INTRODUCTION TO FINANCIAL ECONOMICS - Underlying all of financial economics are the concepts of present value and expectation.Calculating their present value allows the decision maker to aggregate the cashflows to be produced by the asset in the future, to a single value at the date in question, and to thus more readily compare two opportunities; this concept is, therefore, the starting point for financial decision making. Other course contents include : Stock Valuation, The cost of capital, Debt Valuation and interest rates.
		PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT - The modern portfolio theory (MPT) is a practical method for selecting investments in order to maximize their overall returns within an acceptable level of risk. Course contents: The Investment Process and the Financial System, Microeconomic view of investor behavior under uncertainty, Models of one and multiple indicators, Capital Market Theory: CAPM & APT Models, Portfolio Management Strategies.


